add release notes for v1.0 (#4452)
knative/docs: blog/docs/releases/announcing-knative-v1-0-release.md

---
title: "v1.0 release"
linkTitle: "v1.0 release"
Author: "[Carlos Santana](https://twitter.com/csantanapr)"
Author handle: https://github.com/csantanapr
date: 2021-11-02
description: "Knative v1.0 release announcement"
type: "blog"
image: knative-eventing.png
---

### Announcing Knative v1.0 Release

A new version of Knative is now available across multiple components.

Follow the instructions in the documentation
[Installing Knative](https://knative.dev/docs/admin/install/) for the respective component.

#### Table of Contents
- [Highlights](#highlights)
- [Serving v1.0](#serving-v10)
- [Eventing v1.0](#eventing-v10)
- [Eventing Extensions](#eventing-extensions)
    - [Apache Kafka Broker v1.0](#apache-kafka-broker-v10)
    - [RabbitMQ Broker and Source v1.0](#rabbitmq-broker-and-source-v10)
- `kn` [CLI v1.0](#client-v10)
- [Knative Operator v1.0](#operator-v10)
- [Thank you contributors](#thank-you-contributors)

### Highlights

> - All components versions are now tag `knative-v1.0.0`, for users using go library use version `v0.27`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All components versions are now tagged `knative-v1.0.0`, for users using go modules use version `v0.27`
```

Author: thank you I addressed the nit
